
Partnership Agreement
Memorandum of Understanding

PARTNERS FOR COMMUNITY
AND
NEW ENGLAND FARM WORKERS COUNCIL

This Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) describes the responsibilities and expectations between Partners for Community (PfC), Lead Organization, and New England Farm Workers Council (NEFWC), Community Organization Partner, for the use of funds received through the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Compassion Capital Fund (CCF) Communities Empowering Youth (CEY) Program for the YOUTH NEEDS CAPACITY BUILDING PARTNERSHIP.  The purpose of this partnership is to build our capacity to address youth violence issues in our community.  

PfC is partnering with NEFWC to carry-out the CEY program.  The Partnership contains three components:  (1) community needs assessments; (2) training and technical assistance provided by PfC to NEFWC for the purpose of capacity building to meet the needs of youth who are at-risk of being involved with gang activity, youth violence, and/or domestic abuse and neglect; and (3) financial assistance provided by PfC to NEFWC to implement capacity building activities.  

RESPONSIBILITIES AND EXPECTATIONS

For the CEY program, PARTNERS FOR COMMUNITY serves as the “lead” organization.  As the lead organization, Partners for Community is responsible for the following: 

• Ensuring that the program activities and finances of the Partnership are in compliance with CEY requirements and Federal regulations;
• Providing direct technical assistance and training services to NEFWC by PfC staff professionals, as needed for NEFWC capacity building;
• Providing “financial assistance” (CEY grant funds) to NEFWC, to be used by NEFWC to finance capacity building activities;
• At NEFWC’s request, and with regard specifically to the “financial assistance,” acting as fiscal agent for NEFWC for purposes of contracting technical assistance and training services or undertaking other procurement actions on behalf of NEFWC; 
• Serving as the coordinator for the multiple community assessments and evaluation activities for the Partnership; and
• Reporting the results of the Partnership activities and accomplishments to HHS.

Under this Agreement, NEW ENGLAND FARM WORKERS COUNCIL agrees to:

• Actively participate in the community assessments and evaluations;
• Complete an organizational self assessment, with PfC support, to determine the priority capacity building needs for NEFWC and its partners as they relate to youth at risk of becoming involved in gang activity, youth violence, and/or domestic abuse and neglect;
• Develop a detailed capacity building plan based on the organizational self-assessment, including, timelines, budgets, sources of technical assistance and training, clearly defined anticipated outcomes and specific indicators to measure results; 
• Arrange for and ensure participation in capacity building activities by staff and Board members of NEFWC and its partner organizations;
• Provide monthly reports to PfC on NEFWC capacity building activities undertaken in pursuit of CEY program objectives, using the sample format in Attachment A;
• Comply with all local, state or Federal laws and regulations regarding the use of funds provided through the Partnership (per Attachment B); and
• Submit a final report at the end of the MOU period listing NEFWC’s major accomplishments and outcomes attributable to the CEY program. 


DISBURSEMENT OF FUNDS

For direct technical assistance and training services provided to NEFWC by PfC professional staff, PfC will cover all costs directly. 

For “financial assistance” (CEY grant funds made available by PfC to NEFWC pursuant to the CEY program), funds will be administered in two ways:

a) Advance/liquidation of funds:  When needed and requested by NEFWC, PfC will advance funds to NEFWC.  NEFWC will submit to PfC a monthly advance liquidation invoice, including a description of expenditures incurred with detailed back-up and/or receipts.  Additional advances will be made by PfC to NEFWC as needed, covering anticipated NEFWC requirements for the succeeding month. 

b) Funds administered by PfC on NEFWC’s behalf:  At NEFWC’s request, PfC will act as NEFWC’s fiscal agent to administer the “financial assistance” funds.  PfC will contract for technical assistance and training services, and undertake other procurements, per instructions from NEFWC.  In these instances, PfC will be solely responsible for the accounting and administration of the relevant expenditures.   

TIME PERIOD

This Agreement covers the first year of the CEY program, corresponding to the period from October 1, 2006 through September 30, 2007.  If the CEY program is extended for a second and third year, as currently anticipated, the time period of the Agreement will be modified subject to amendments signed by the two parties. 


TERMINATION

PARTNERS FOR COMMUNITY may terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, with or without cause, with a seven (7) day written notice of termination.  Such notice shall be given in writing NEFWC and shall be sent via certified or registered mail with return receipt requested.


Signatures of Authorized Representatives




												
Heriberto Flores				
President					
Partners for Community			New England Farm Workers Council		


_______________________________	____________________________________
Date						Date



Attachment A (sample monthly report)



Organization Name: 		NEW ENGLAND FARM WORKERS COUNCIL
Reporting Period:		(insert month, e.g., June 2007) 
Reporting Date:  		(ten days following end of month, e.g., July 10, 2007)



Brief Overview of the Capacity Building Plan:  New England Farm Workers Council, through direct technical assistance and training services provided by Partners for Community, as well as “financial assistance” (grant funds) provided by Partners for Community, is undertaking a multifaceted capacity building program.  To date, the NEFWC program has consisted of ………………… (brief summary of most important activities underway or completed).


Summary of Activities in Current Reporting Period:  During this period NEFWC has …………….. (detailed summary of all activities undertaken in the month under review). 


Problems Encountered, Solutions, Observations during Reporting Period:  (provide detailed information for consideration by PfC and NEFWC).


Attachments:  (provide copies of relevant consultant, training, assessments and other reports that have not been submitted previously).




Attachment B – Use of Federal Funds for Religious Activities


Organizations and their faith-based and community partners shall not use direct
Federal grants or contracts under the CCF CEY Demonstration Program to support
inherently religious activities, such as religious instruction, worship, or proselytization. Therefore, an organization must take steps to separate, in time or location, their inherently religious activities from the CCF CEY-supported services.  Some of the ways organizations may accomplish this include, but are not limited to, promoting only the Federally funded program in materials, websites, or commercials purchased with any portion of the Federal funds. Further, participation in such activity by individuals receiving services must be voluntary.

A faith-based organization receiving HHS funds retains its independence from Federal, State, and local governments, and may continue to carry out its mission, including the definition, practice, and expression of its religious beliefs. For example, a faith-based organization may use space in its facilities to provide secular programs or services funded with Federal funds without removing religious art, icons, scriptures, or other religious symbols. 

In addition, a faith-based organization that receives Federal funds retains its authority over its internal governance, and it may retain religious terms in its organization's name, select its board members on a religious basis, and include religious references in its organization's mission statements and other governing documents in accordance with all CCF CEY Demonstration program requirements, statutes, and other applicable requirements governing the conduct of HHS-funded activities. Regulations pertaining to the Equal Treatment for Faith-Based Organizations, which includes the prohibition against Federal funding of inherently religious activities, can be found at either 45 CFR 87.1 or the HHS website at http://www.os.dhhs.gov/fbci/waisgate21.pdf.




